Replace Splunk password auth with token auth (#2)
openshift/compliance-audit-router: DEVELOPMENT.md

Initial development was done with a CURL to the CAR running locally to simulate the webhook, and a contaier running an HTTP server that responsed with a mock Splunk search result.

> As of this writing, Splunk doesn't offer a free development environment in the same way Atlassian does, so testing sending of a webhook still need sto be done with a manual CURL to your local CAR instance.  However, all of the search retrieval operations are read-only, so it's not totally unreasonable to use a real Splunk instances for development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of this writing, Splunk doesn't offer a free development environment in the same way Atlassian does, so testing sending of a webhook still needs to be done with a manual CURL to your local CAR instance.  However, all of the search retrieval operations are read-only, so it's not totally unreasonable to use a real Splunk instances for development.
```
